Segment 0:  Time to mentally prepare. I was not ready when she was ready. Oh my gosh. Yeah, no, She was like, let's go skydiving. Like, right now!

Segment 1:  I know. It's just like, I've never even thought about this before. What do you mean, i can't believe it? Yeah, I thought she was like joking at first, or like by how soon she wanted to go.

Segment 2:  But then yeah, she sends me the pictures of her. And I was like, Oh yeah, OK yeah, I thought., that's super cool. I thought that there would be more time in between, too.

Segment 3:  Yeah, like, she's she's very much like that. Like, she asked me a couple times and I was always like, oh, like I'll think about it, whatever.

Segment 4:  And then she's like, OK, enough is enough. And she just went and did it, which is crazy. I was like, oh, do you think that Emmanuel would go with you?

Segment 5:  Bro, I don't know, 'cause like he's I, I think he would, 'cause he's definitely like an adrenaline junkie to a certain extent. Like, he really likes to do that type of stuff.

Segment 6:  But. I mean, honestly, Yeah, probably. I feel like you could go together then. That'd be cute. Bro, I The thing is like, I want to, but I'm also like, there's just so many implications of going 'cause it's like.

Segment 7:  Like, yeah, you're with the instructor, but like, things can always go wrong. You know what I mean? Yeah. But umm, another thing is like I want to get my actual motorcycle license.

Segment 8:  I want to be 1. Sorry, I said you've been talking about that for like 2 years. I thought you know the lessons. Let me tell you why.

Segment 9:  OK 'cause I did do the lessons right and like it was fine, whatever. But The thing is like you can't practice without a license and like the way you get the license is with the driven test.

Segment 10:  So it's like it's not like where you can get a learner's and have someone like like you can drive when someone is there with you, right?

Segment 11:  That's fully licensed. You can't do that with a motorcycle, right? And then it's also like do I really want to invest like 3-4 K in a bike?

Segment 12:  And I'm still learning and like, what happens if I drop it? Or like, you know, there's like lots of things that can ruin a bike.

Segment 13:  Yeah, So you know what I mean? So it's like. I need to either be able to rent one at my lessons place and like be able to get decent, or I have to buy one and be like incredibly careful.

Segment 14:  But I don't know if I trust myself enough yet 'cause I feel like even if you rent one then that's and you damage it, that's still.

Segment 15:  I feel like that would still cost you money, right? Well, it's a little different because like when I did my lessons, I did end up like crashing or not crashing, but I did drop two bikes, but they couldn't charge me because it's included in the fee, because it's, I mean, I guess they probably put some Lance guards on there and stuff too, to make sure that.

Segment 16:  It doesn't get completely. Busted. Yeah. What would be on your bucket list? Me. Honestly, I feel like I've achieved a lot of those things in the past couple years.

Segment 17:  OK, subtle flags. I see you. I haven't really. I mean the one thing that was on my bucket list for a really long time, but I did it when I was in Singapore or no, when I went to Indonesia.

Segment 18:  Was I always really wanted to go like, you know, what those caves behind the waterfalls? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I always wanted to do that.

Segment 19:  And then I got to do it when I was in Indonesia. It was kind of musty, to be honest, but it was so cool.

Segment 20:  Oh, really? Yeah. I didn't know it was like it'd be musty. Well, I mean, it's a big cave with like an eternal flow of water coming down and splashing into the dark, damp cave.

Segment 21:  OK. Yeah. When you put it like that, honestly. OK, to be fair, I kind of didn't expect it either. But then I was like, yeah, I don't really know what I was expecting.

Segment 22:  Yeah, fair enough. What about like travelling? Like would you ever go to Egypt? Egypt. You would want to go to Egypt, I feel like.

Segment 23:  Yeah, I feel like going to those parts of the world, especially, like as a woman, you kind of have to take more precautions.

Segment 24:  OK, yeah, that's true. That's true. But it's definitely something I'd want to do eventually. I want to go back to Europe. Oh, I want to go to.

Segment 25:  Like Germany. Or like those little provinces in France that aren't Paris. And like. I just wanna go to like those cities that like fairy tales are based off of like the castles and everything.

Segment 26:  That's cute. I like that. Yeah 'cause that'd be dope. We did a very, like when we went to Europe, it was we kinda just through Paris in there, 'cause we could.

Segment 27:  But it was very like. Greece, Italy and like all of the very historical stuff like Greek, Roman mythology or like sort of those empires, those times, which was great, like that was also on my bucket list.

Segment 28:  So I'm not upset about that, but the next thing I want to do is. Kind of see some of that more. I guess.

Segment 29:  What we would consider like romantic history, right? Yeah, that that would be really cool. I think you already got to see like you went to the Louvre and everything, right?

Segment 30:  So you also like that's something that's on my bucket list. I wanna see that in person. And also honestly I I'd say Paris is worth going to if you just wanna go for like the tourist attractions.